i'm here at yellow conference i just met
my girl Madison she told me a great joke
so we're gonna stir out this vlog with a
joke are you guys ready are you ready
okay alright so there are two olives
sitting on the couch and one falls off
and the other ones like dude are you
okay and he's like all this going to
bring the stairs I don't know where it
leads to it's just so rested
in my design that thing what are not
working with in your chair
whatever two lovers their personality
like give them ownership of instruments
I ran it to a subscriber huge their DG
fan oh thank you guys running into
someone who understands my love of
YouTube and loves the daily blog I just
wrapped up working at bat robotic many
of you saw Star Trek under armour yeah I
filled lay in this year nice I mean he's
kind of a boss yeah and so once i
started watching loss I was just like
anything JJ Abrams touches yes it's like
an attached to give an incredible person
so you met of Allah you guys work like
to read me
robots I've learned so much and now I
hopefully want to channel it or do an
CSU thanks I ok to me yeah look at this
ginormous electric skateboard back in
the hotel whenever you go to conferences
you get swag bags usually so it's like a
tote bag with a lot of stuff in it from
different companies and yellow
conference y'all swag bag is lit swag
swag really cool like notebook type
thing hey guys I love mugs so much and
this is just oh this is bringing the
vibes
Syria lacroix guys
so remember i lived in the upper east
side for about a month in new york city
while i was trying to figure out a place
and it was really the only reason my
moving to New York went so smooth and it
was because of this lovely lady right
here I want I want you to introduce
yourself to the Internet hello there my
name is Alison chase and here we are at
the lowest a mnemonic Jana Libby
Christina the present i am but didn't
like about with my poetry but this video
right here my uber driver would not stop
talking great hangs today yellow
conference was great was so fun running
into allison here rip in the upper east
side here in LA i'm exhausted but it was
a fantastic day so until next time guys
stay peachy okay bye that was absolutely
horrible in the best way possible I
lasted 1.5 miles what's wrong it is a
beautiful la night